Note that the ne operator isn't supporter for Users (#4551)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/user-query/index.md

This query parameter provides the largest range of search options and optimal performance. The `search` parameter requires URL encoding for applicable search expressions, supports pagination, and accepts sorting parameters.

> The search query parameter uses standard Okta API filtering semantics to create search criteria that includes mathematical operators such as equal to (`eq`), greater than or equal to (`ge`), and so on. You can combine multiple expressions using logical operators and parentheses. The `ne` (not equal) operator isn't supported, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all users except those that have a status of "STAGED", use `http:s//${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?search=status+lt+%22STAGED%22+or+status+gt+%22STAGED%22`. See [Filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search query parameter uses standard Okta API filtering semantics to create search criteria that includes mathematical operators such as equal to (`eq`), greater than or equal to (`ge`), and so on. You can combine multiple expressions using logical operators and parentheses. The `ne` (not equal) operator isn't supported, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all users except those that have a status of "STAGED", use `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?search=status+lt+%22STAGED%22+or+status+gt+%22STAGED%22`. See [Filtering](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#filter).
```
